Consider the following hypothetical scenario: In the background of all the political chatter, the leaders of the United States and the United Kingdom unite. Trump being the businesspeople he is, knows how to spot a good deal when he sees one. He proposes the United Kingdom goes to war with the United States. In paper only of course. The terms of surrender are the United States yields its government over to the United Kingdom and become a kolonie once more. In return the dollar is kept alive in name only to replace the name for their pound sterling. Since the dollar has a reputation of the currency of the world, it is valuable for the United Kingdom. In return the Trump administration and the democratic party become parties in the British government. The justice system is now also under the care of the British and with it the prison system, which gets converted to a reformation system rather than a penal system. Releasing a lot of long term prisoners with time served. The same will happen for education and the pharmaceutical industries, British government from now on. Immigration will now also be done with the expertise of the British, since this what they have been dealing with for the last couple of months. Geographically no names are changed so the civilians have the smoothest transition possible. Tax regulations will get changed since the dollar is now in possession of the United Kingdom. But with it, the debt as a result of the bearer bonds gets wiped away, since they are for the country the United States which is no longer a legal entity. The United Kingdom is kind enough to allow the owners of such bearer bonds to use them as a one-time-only investment into whatever they choose inside of the united kingdom, which includes the united states. The government branches like the fbi, cia, nsa, the army all serve now under the british flag. Then the United Kingdom and its youth start a new voting round to get back into the European Union. Since their last mistake in their failure to cast a vote, they now massively spread the word to all, on every media channel. Resulting in a massive and decisive vote for joining the EU. At this point The EU is now basically the entire western world united. NATO is entirely european and vote to help build a defence against Russia. Meanwhile the war un drugs is finally come to an end. Narcotics get decriminalised and their billion dollar industry became part of the existing pharmaceutical industry. Quality of the narcotics become higher, the dangerous middle management of the drug industry get booted and the economy is starting to prosper once more. China is taking care of their own business and is racing ahead with its technology and without the economic restrictions build a self building and producing production line. It also took part of africa under its wing by offering education and a similar strategy once used in India. Making them the largest AI specialist body in the world. In return China was able to claim some of their resources. It also united all of Asia and ended the reign of terror in South Korea. Russia meanwhile is being target from within. With the full force of the NSA under the command of the EU began an anti war and dictatorship campaign. Showing thing like the uniting of the world and how far behind they are starting to get. With a very important message that if they choose to end the war they will get the support of europe to rebuild Russia once more. Because of the change in policy regarding the drug industry, south America started to prosper too. Their existing and often illegal industry is now the center of medicine on the planet and joined with the rest of the United States to benefit of the free trade and open borders of the EU. Since there have been now conflicts and there have been good relations between asia and the western world they decide to team up and share their knowledge and technology. The open border policy allowed for a lot of Americans to visit Europe and Africa. Gaining a fresh perspective off their roots and heritage. Allowing for an even stronger and positive base of voters in the society. With the new development in Germany of cold fusion and an influx of investors their reactors become a reality much faster as anticipated. This caused the oil nations to loose their grip and wealth. With nowhere else to go they turned to Europe and the Americas for help, as they are already doing this moment. Since India has become a super power recently they could have a lot of influence on whatever has happened thus far. That is if you do not take in account the current leaders of some important tech companies and the UK itself. So they silently agreed to become a part of the UN and EU and UK and US become the center of humanity.
